# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `nonstop_networking_pt1`  
**Scheduled**: 11-16-21 00:00:00  
**Revision**: 0e9d0779989ef2dfd6c3bb6ec1ebc384140add9f  
**Score**: **8.0** out of **18.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**AU Valid Put Test**: Tests that we can PUT valid files (AG server, student client)  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Successful PUT!
```
---

**AU Valid Get Test**: Tests that we can GET valid files (AG server, student client). Depends on: PUT  
**1.0** out of **3.0** points
```
PUT passed, but GET failed. Fetched file content does not match server side file.
```
---

**AU Valid Delete Test**: Tests that we can DELETE valid files (AG server, student client). Depends on: PUT  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
PUT + DELETE successful!
```
---

**AU Valid List Test**: Tests that we can LIST valid files (AG server, student client). Depends on: PUT  
**1.0** out of **2.0** points
```
PUT passed, but LIST failed.
```
---

**Invalid Get Test**: Tests that we cannnot GET non-existent files (AG server, student client).  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Unable to find stdout from the client.
```
---

**Invalid Delete Test**: Tests that we cannnot DELETE non-existent files (AG server, student client).  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Unable to find stdout from the client.
```
---

**Client Too Much Data Test**: Tests that the student's client correctly detects too much data from the server response. Depends on: PUT  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Did not find error message from client.
```
---

**Client Too Little Data Test**: Tests that the student's client correctly detects too little data from the server response. Depends on: PUT  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Found correct error message from client.
```
---

**AU Memory Test**: Checks the student's client for memory errors/leaks (depends on: PUT)  
**-1.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Server: No memory errors/leaks.
==281== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==281== Copyright (C) 2002-2017, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==281== Using Valgrind-3.13.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==281== Command: ./ag_server 49500
==281== Parent PID: 7
==281== 
==281== 
==281== HEAP SUMMARY:
==281==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==281==   total heap usage: 19 allocs, 19 frees, 5,965 bytes allocated
==281== 
==281== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==281== 
==281== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
==281== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)

Client: Memory errors/leaks detected!
==283== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==283== Copyright (C) 2002-2017, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==283== Using Valgrind-3.13.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==283== Command: ./client 127.0.0.1:49500 PUT secret_file.c ag_common.c
==283== Parent PID: 7
==283== 
==283== Invalid free() / delete / delete[] / realloc()
==283==    at 0x4C32D3B: free (in /usr/lib/valgrind/vgpreload_memcheck-amd64-linux.so)
==283==    by 0x401657: main (in /tmp/tmpubpsjubj/client)
==283==  Address 0x1fff000d14 is on thread 1's stack
==283== 
==283== 
==283== HEAP SUMMARY:
==283==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==283==   total heap usage: 7 allocs, 12 frees, 8,883 bytes allocated
==283== 
==283== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==283== 
==283== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
==283== ERROR SUMMARY: 5 errors from 1 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
```
### Checksums

895386beff255de322c701053e4f7a6aed5aaa7b client.c  
01829b621fb18ad4f657fc041f8c9d90cf5cf956 common.c  
ead6bb96cfebb5f0d8ff1d1475fe6d383b6fefa8 common.h


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


